## Meetings
### 2022-04-13 at 16:00
- Hieu, Jaqueline, Viet-Joshua, and Christopher attended the meeting.
- We figured out which requirements and use cases each of us are going to implement and fill out.

### 2022-04-27 at 16:00
- Hieu, Jaqueline, Viet-Joshua, and Christopher attended the meeting.
- Discussed the gnatt chart and general schedule for the tasks to be completed.
- Affirmed comfortability with the tasks assigned.
- Determined that the Search function and add image function were possible drop features if time becomes an issue.

### 2022-05-4 at 16:15
- Hieu, Jackie, Josh, and Christopher attended the meeting.
- We discussed having background images on the different pages. Decided on Logout, Login, and the Splash page having images.
- Clarifying when some functions will be done in order to connect everything together.
- Made changes to the requirements because the person assigned to a few got changed. 

### 2022-05-11 at 16:30
- Hieu, Jackie, Josh and Chirstopher attended the meeting.
- We determined what we will be able to accomplish before Thursday's class.
- Confirmed what our final requirements would be and how that deliverable would be organized based on what was discussed in class.
- Discussed the bugs, the cart page was altered and has casued some comunnication errors between pages, the cart retains information dispite being in a different user.
- We want to add a top bar to aide in navigation.
